# About copy and paste developers

Let's make it clear from the start - it is an oxymoron. And let's not get hung up on the fact that the word "oxymoron" contains the word "moron". The copy-and-paste "developers" don't have to be stupid, you know. Just trying to get by, collecting nice dough for doing the job, which they lack the skills for.

I have worked with "developers" like that. Let's call them CPDs, to keep things nice and concise. What are the signs that you're dealing with a CPD? First of all, they don't come up with solutions, they search for them. That quickly transpires during a conversation about any "challenging" task they worked on. You would hear things like: "I spent a long time reading the examples..." or "none of the examples I found..." or anything similar, alluding to spending time on looking through StackOverflow for a solution to their particular problem.

Not that a quick glimpse through StackOverflow in order to find inspiration is a bad thing. There is a huge difference between finding inspiration and copying an exact solution to a different problem without understanding, though.

The amount of time CPDs spend looking through idiotic answers on StackOverflow or digging through shitty blog posts with content put together by some half-wits who don't really understand what they are doing themselves, that amount of time is staggering. Any real developer would be able to come up with a solution five times over while that shitsearch is being performed.

Funnily enough, when CPDs "complete" their task and move on to something else, it's usually as if they left a time bomb behind. Sooner or later new requirements will come in and their "code" will have to be revisited. That's where the real fun starts, because usually none of what they produced with great effort is worth a spit, let alone refactoring. It simply needs to be rewritten from scratch. Trouble is, it needs to be understood first, which most of the time takes plenty of effort.

Another indicator that the guy next to you is a CPD, is their love for adding stupid dependencies to the project. The justification usually goes like this: this library "solves" the problem, the library is used by other people, clearly it must be well tested ant therefore is good for us. Well, most of the time it isn't, because the problem can be solved with 50 lines of code, which is tailored down to the business requirements at hand and can be easily changed later on. On the other hand, the dependency inflicts a cost of learning how to use it (most probably by looking at "examples"), then trying to make it do exactly what's required and further down the line upgrading to a next incompatible major release or replacing with another library completely. It's shit.

I hate them.

Time's up.

*Lou*