# About the job

How the job has changed. It used to be about solving algorithmic problems, implementing well performing and elegant solutions, finding best ways of utilising the framework and its features. Those implementations were tailored to the problem at hand and delivered what was needed. No gazillion of dependencies, no 2MB of JavaScript transferred over the wire every time somebody loads the app.

Nowadays, it seems, it's all about integrating libraries. Libraries building on top of other libraries, which - you guessed it - build on top of other libraries. Each layer expands the bug surface, increases the risk of performance degradation and limits flexibility.

When (not if) the requirements change, one can only pray that the third party libraries in use support the new use case. If not, well, they need to be either hacked or replaced. The former usually requires spending quite a bit of time on trying to figure out how to do it, the latter - spending quite a bit of time on looking for new libraries and, in some cases, all those depending on them. Sounds like a migration? Yup. Just in case you were wondering why the word of the day is "migration".

Modifying the code developed in-house was much easier. If the library did not support the new use case it would be added. End of.

There is a lot of pressure on using external dependencies for almost anything these days. Even things that can be easily implemented. It's rapid development, right? Yeah, rapid development my ass. Picture this. A friend of mine works with a guy, who had to implement a table, which gives the user the ability to edit one row at a time. Not much of a challenge to write the code for it, I would think (they use React). However, the guy in question spent the whole day looking for a library that would allow him to do that and then another day to figure out how to change the "edit" icon. Time well spent, right?

Time's up.

*Lou*