# Happy New Year

I spend well over an hour commuting to work (one way) and that gives me plenty of time to think about various things. Most of the stuff that goes on in my head is plain stinky brain farts, but that's how I'm built, so fighting it is as effective as fighting global warming by keeping fridge open. However, sometimes in that ocean of mental excrement, like a floating polished turd appears an Idea, and even if it's not going to make world peace possible, playing with it is fun.

This morning for example I thought of using GitHub as a blogging platform. Not GitHub pages, just plain old Markdown in a repository. Genius, right? Think about it - the whole timeline for free in the commits, all the edits fully transparent, free search, comments, stars what have you. It's a marvel.

I'm not a designer, so making a site not look revolting is a challenge for me. Don't get me wrong - I know good UX when I see it and quite often I can offer constructive criticism too. But then again I can tell when food tastes nice or if it needs some spices. Would I be able to cook it? Hell, no. That's why extremely low effort blogging platform seems like a good match for me.

There are good, easy solutions out there, I know. I've been using Ghost for example and I love it. Thing is, it's all too distracting. There is SEO to take care of, coming up with the keywords, descriptions, tagging, and plenty of other shit. I simply don't have time for it. Literally. Long gone are the days when I could come back from work and play Call of Duty for 6 hours straight, then go to sleep and repeat. Now I have Responsibilities.

On the other hand I've been toying with the idea of writing a few paragraphs every day, mostly for myself, just to vent my frustrations, make a note of a genius idea, which otherwise would be lost forever in the aforementioned ocean of thought, or save a very insightful observation, because they happen too.

There you have it. Markdown on GitHub as a blogging platform. Low effort, focused and brilliant.

Happy New Year!

*Lou*