# About brain farts

That was the quickest blog setup in history, no kidding. All I had to do was recover my email account (because I forgot the password), sign up for GitHub, create the repo, generate an ssh key, set up the ssh key on GitHub, push the repo and confirm my email address. Sounds like not very quick, but hey, who's judging. You (the Reader) most probably don't exist anyway and even if you do, by a chance as poor as Donald Trump's moral compass, you must be possessed by a turd daemon if you are reading this crap.

I don't mind, though. The main purpose of this diaria (cool word play, eh?) is brain hygiene. Let the brain farts out every day, don't keep them in. Because if you do, your thoughts start to stink, then you are too embarrassed to open your mouth and before you know it you talk out of your ass. Thing is, when you keep the brain farts in, you have to think them. First involuntarily, maybe a bit ironically, but they won't let you forget them. They're too itchy. The longer you keep them, the more of your attention they consume and finally 
they become the mainstream of your mind.

It's like the songs that they play on the radio. I'm sure there are no more than 5 of them, played over and over again. Every time I switch on the radio in my rather inexpensive car one of the 5 a day is there. Most of them are not even that good. That's an overstatement. They are pretty shit. That's most probably because none of them is a work of an artist, but a product of a well paid craftsman who knows what will get into your head. It's no coincidence the whole thing is called music industry. As an industry it requires industrial practices, it pisses on art.

Now I let it all out, I feel much better.

*Lou*