# About deadlines

Deadlines are good. No, seriously. Time is not an unlimited resource, so it has to be rationed. When you buy a car you know what your budget is or at least you should know it. Limited budget means you'd have to make some sacrifices and maybe the upholstery made from elephant's foreskin would have to wait a bit more, but you would most probably end up with a drivable vehicle. If you didn't set the budget though, you'd most probably be fucked. Perhaps you would end up with a nicest car in the neighbourhood for a couple of weeks, but your finances would probably not have many nice things to say about you.

Similarly with time, although the suffering part maybe harder to capture. If you have a deadline set for completing a task, all the related and unrelated activities alike will fill all the time dedicated to the task. With long deadlines more can be done, so quality of the outcome can be better. That is if someone's not a stinky procrastinator. Those guys can achieve absolutely appalling results while having exhausted the whole of infinity to complete their "work".

Short, realistic deadlines mean that some bits have to be excluded from the work, but overall the result might still be useful. On the other hand, short, unrealistic deadlines will only throw you into the pit of misery. It's sad that most people think of those when they hear the word "deadline".

What's on the opposite end of the scale? The happy fairyland of no deadlines! But is it happy, though? Any task can stretch to fill all the time it's been given, so when there is no limit there is no results. Of course it's not always the case. I managed to finish a few pet projects without a deadline, but it was not particularly easy. Each time I explored a lot of venues only virtually related to the task at hand. It goes without saying that even more of my pet projects with no deadline died in terrible and long agony.

In short - deadlines are good. They set the time budget. They help to keep track on things. It took me years on end to start appreciating them. They are like a medicine. I don't like them, but they help. I prefer watching Netflix than doing work. That's why I decided to give myself half an hour to write each piece. Overran by 10 minutes today. I will consider that a good start.

*Lou*