# About sparking joy

Me and my wife have been watching Marie Kondo's show recently. She's a tidying up world class expert, which apparently is a thing. She helps people to regain control of their homes by getting rid of piles of crap and keeping the remaining possessions in order. Honestly, I think the show is boring as hell. She visits different family in each episode and they go through the whole process of piling up clothes, kitchen utensils and all the other items and then they go through them one by one deciding if they want to keep it or throw it away. I'm not a great fun of watching other people tidy up, so I need to drink some wine before each episode in order not to die inside.

Why do I watch it then? The principle "happy wife, happy life" might have something to do with it, but also in each episode she gives a couple of very useful hints regarding tidying up, so I suffer through it. The most interesting one was about deciding whether to keep an item or to throw it away. You just need to pick it up, hold it in your hand and decide if it sparks joy. That's it. I think it's brilliant. Rather than overload the left hemisphere of the brain with logical justification of the decision, you just rely on the rough estimate provided instantly by the right hemisphere. If you give in to that, it feels empowering.

I have also realised, that I have been using similar strategy when writing code. Good code definitely sparks joy. When I write something, I know instantly if it sparks joy or not. If it doesn't I refactor till it does. Maybe that's why I find my job very satisfying, in general.

Time's up.

*Lou*