# About failure

And so I failed. There's a two entries worth of a gap now. I need to be honest with myself though, so no covering it up, changing system clock to show earlier date in the commits. Doing so would mean the whole project is a failure. I'm doing it for myself, so I would also be lying to myself if I tried to make the gap disappear. That in turn would shift the focus off the project's goal. Right now it's about having honest practice in daily writing with a time limit. With the cover-up it would become more about showing pristine timeline of commits. Been there done that. Not very thrilling.

I guess owning up to our mistakes, at least internally, in our own heads, is important for mental hygiene. There is no point for me to try and deceive myself. I would obviously know what I did, and so there would be a disjoint between what I know about my actions and what I want to believe about them. I would of course try to convince myself that the belief is correct and bury the facts in some dark corner of my subconscious. It's quite possible that with certain amount of self-inflicted brain washing I would start pretending in front of myself that the belief represents the facts, although on some level I would still know it to be bollocks.

It sounds dangerous, doesn't it. Part of me would be defined by the alternative reality created by the lie and me knowing full well, at least on some level, that being the case, I would become overprotective about it. Imagine someone saying to me: "Hey, Lou, how come you never missed a day in your blog?". There is more than one way this question could be interpreted. For example, it can be seen as a praise and an invitation to brag a bit. It can also be perceived as an attack. Which interpretation would I choose knowing the lie? Rather than start bragging would I start thinking how this person could possibly know about my counterfeit? Most probably. That in turn could lead to a inappropriate, defensive reaction.

Time's up.

*Lou*
