# About fire drills

Fire drills are important. Are they well executed though? Rather not. In my mind the idea of a fire drill is that people learn the evacuation routes and practise leaving the building efficiently. The fire exits are usually shown to new employees during the induction training, because health and safety and all that. Proper execution of the evacuation is usually neglected, however. Nobody trains people in how to actually safely and efficiently leave the building, when there are zillion other people trying to do the same. Nobody teaches people how to deal with panic when there is actual fire. Nobody tells people about psychology of the crowd in the face of danger.

Yes, there are appointed fire wardens, who happen to be some poor buggers, chosen by their bosses because they couldn't say no. They get equipped with flashy, eye-raping green and mostly dirty vests, but the scruffy piece of clothing seems to be believed to replace the need for an actual crowd control skill. I don't like the idea of having those clowns in charge of my safe evacuation should the need arise.

All in all it's a joke, and not a very funny one at that. Of course the corporate machines measure the time it takes their staff to leave the premises during the drill. That is probably to encourage people to beat their own record and leave the building quicker. In other words, this silly exercise is supposed to replace the training. Does it work? To be fair, I have never seen any of the regular employees actually rush in order to beat the record. Everyone shits on it and then pisses on it too if they are really thorough.

That being said, there are some managers who take it very seriously. A friend of mine, Mark, happened to take part in a fire drill the other day. Obviously when the fire alarm went off everyone waited for it to shut the hell up for about a minute or so. Fire wardens nowhere to be seen, people wincing at the sound and rolling their eyes, hanging mid-sentence. The usual fire alarm scenery. Finally some people - not fire wardens, mind - started to get up and take their coats. At that clue Mark went to his desk in order to collect his possessions, as you do. Laptop, phone, backpack, coat we've all done it. After all - what is there to live for when your £2000 laptop is burning up in some shady, apparently not very fire proof office? Is there really a point in shivering in the cold because you left your coat for cinder in order to save precious 5 seconds, which I am sure made a massive difference as people walking down the stairs during a fire drill resemble a walking dead galore?

There we are then, Mark collecting his stuff, quite efficiently as he'd done it like 100 times before, so he's got a routine going on already. All of a sudden one of the managers barges into the room and starts shouting: "Quick, leave now, they are measuring time!". My friend was stunned. Is this really that guy's take on it? They are measuring time? Not something along the lines of we need to make sure that when there's real fire we'll be quick and safe, but they are measuring time? What an absolute and utter piss flap. In his defence though, he's one of those kids-managing-kids managers, so most probably he's still drunk on the corporate propaganda vomit. Disgusting.

Time's up, about 10 minutes ago. Oops.

*Lou*
