# About pleasure from work

Work can be pleasurable. I'm being serious. When someone says work what do most people picture? Waking up early every day of the week, the commute, the guy you hate in the office (there's always one)? How about the stuff that they actually do 8 hours a day, if their employer does not make them do overtime? In fact a lot of them do, in a very sneaky way, but that's for another day. So what about the actual work that people do, can that be enjoyable?

I for one took great pleasure in my work today. I will tell you how my day looked like. Most of the time I knew what I needed to do, but did not know how exactly. I had to keep reading and trying to figure it out. It did not work a countless number of times, so each time I had to come up with another idea. Each time it felt I was getting closer, but I also hit a dead end on a few occasions. It took hours. Finally it all started coming together and lo and behold I found a working solution. It didn't spark joy though, so I had to tweak it till it screamed joy, not only sparked it.

I will not lie to you when I say that most of the time, what looks like an exercise in self inflicted misery and frustration, as a matter of fact was really enjoyable. When I ask myself how that is even possible a few things come to mind. I enjoy learning and sure enough I had to learn quite a bit in order to get the task done. I also enjoy solving problems, and again that was a problem to solve. Finally I really get off on the godlike feeling of creation - where there was nothing before now there is something that sparks joy, it does something potentially useful to someone and there is a chance my solution will spark joy in other people and I get some respect points.

In the end of the day, it's all about recognition.

Time's up.

*Lou*