# About children

It's nothing like what they tell you. A friend of mine, Matt, has a few kids and I've seen quite a bit. He's also pretty open about the ugly side of life, so I've heard more than a fair share about parenthood. The happy kids and even happier parents from the adverts are all made up. It's like with the beauty magazines - those will only make feel ugly. The adverts will make you think that you are a crap parent.

Having a child does not change parents' life for the better. It sure as hell introduces lots of changes, though. As soon as the missus gets up the duff things start to take a turn. First off the missus feels sick most mornings, sometimes afternoons and evenings too, ant that lasts for a couple of months. Hubby takes the heat. She also gets moody and I mean really moody. Again, hubby takes the heat. She starts having cravings, which need to be satisfied. Because of all the hormones her sense of smell changes drastically and she finds many more scents disgusting. She's also very vocal and uncompromising about it.

Other than that, when hubby's lucky and the fetus develops correctly, she takes the first few months of the pregnancy pretty well. When she gets closer to the finishing line though, the panic about labour kicks in. Then there's the whole discussion about whether or not she should go for Epidural (anesthetic). That's a thin ice, but on the other hand at this point hubby lives on thin ice, it's his home. Around that time her belly is already so big, that she can't sleep properly and eventually she just wants the labour to start, pain or no pain. Ah, I forgot to mention - sex is most likely off the table for the most of those magical 9 months.

You think that's bad? Cool, because It will only get worse. When the labour starts she's in pain. The contractions come at first every few minutes, but the intervals get shorter, although ever so slowly. Hubby needs to be there for her and if they are really, really lucky it's only 9 hours. Matt's wife was giving birth for 24 hours. They were both so exhausted, that they slept between contractions, while holding each other standing. She also pissed and shat herself at some point. It's definitely not for every man.

Then the little cockroach finally pops out, which is by the way crème de la crème of pure, undiluted pain. Suffice to say that her crotch needs stitches after that lovely experience, but compared with everything else she's been though, needle in the crotch is not even noticeable. People like to think it's because she holds the baby and the happy hormones make the pain go away. I really don't think so. Holding the baby makes her happy mostly because it's over. By the way - in the films parents usually say something like "he's so beautiful". That's bollocks. There are no beautiful newborns. They are all wrinkled, blotchy, covered in blood and other bodily fluids, with a head shaped like a rugby ball and ears stuck to their skull. In short - they are ugly as sin by any standard.

Time's up. To be continued.

*Lou*

PS.
I spent an hour today trying to make up for yesterday.