# About children (part 2)

This is continuation from [yesterday](./12.md).

Once the little one is out the real magic begins. It's sort of magic straight from Grimm's fairy tales, namely a curse and a complex one at that. Let's break it down.

## Sleep deprivation

Used as one of torture methods, although believed to be unsuccessful, because subjects suffer [drop in cognitive functions like coherent speech and social competence](https://www.psychologytoday.com/gb/blog/dreaming-in-the-digital-age/201412/why-sleep-deprivation-is-torture). Imagine having interrupted 5 hours sleep every day for 2 years. Parents don't have to imagine it, they live through it. With a lot of good will they can take it for a while. Sooner or later they arrive at the point of "just make it stop" and that's when they snap. It gets pretty ugly sometimes.

## Constant uncertainty

It's hard to imagine how much there is to do around a baby, which in fact is just a born fetus. It's definitely not a human yet, just roughly shaped like one. At first it can't even focus its eyes or turn its head. Foals can walk straight after being born. Human babies can do shit (literally), cry and eat. Sometimes they can't even suck on a tit, which shows how badly designed our species is. They have to be fed every 4 hours or so, and then put to sleep if they want to sleep, that is. And parents can't even rely on the baby sleeping through those precious 4 hours. It can wake up at any time, it may not want to go to sleep after having been fed, basically it can drive parents crazy. Poor buggers never know when the little terrorist is going to call with unclear demands but they need to be there straightaway. Is it hungry? Has it shat itself? Is it just being annoying?

That uncertainty lasts for good 18 months. Try to plan your evening in this conditions. Good fucking luck.

## No sex

Just to top it up, the missus can't have sex for at least 3 months after having given birth. By the time she can, she's usually too exhausted and besides she [hates her husband so much already](https://www.self.com/story/marriage-after-baby) that sex is not even the last thing on her list - the list with sex on it has been burned, eaten, shat out, then burned again and pissed on.

## Life as you know it is gone

All in all, life as the parents had known before the got blessed with the miracle of life is gone. So much so, that after a few months they can't even remember how it used to look like. All they know is that things used to be different, better, but then again it's not good form to blame the baby for shitty life, is it?

Time's up. To be continued.

*Lou*