# About children (part 3)

This is continuation from [yesterday](./13.md)

Hearing all those stories about wonderful and magical time of parenting I can start to imagine why some people, maybe slightly less composed and a bit more accustomed to direct methods of resolving conflicts, lose their shit and end up in a very sad place for a very long time, because their baby is no more.

You think I'm horrible? Think again. Clearly, all of that shitstorm I described [yesterday](./13.md) happens on top of other every day problems, which do not magically disappear when the messenger of doom and misery arrives. Quite the opposite, in fact. All of those, otherwise somehow manageable problems, get amplified by lack of sleep, lack of time and lack of sex, which get replaced by hostile environment previously known as home sweet home. As a result things don't get done, the blame game takes root and things turn even uglier. The parents suffer through all of it, knowing - at least on some level - that the reason for their suffering is just crying their lungs out, without any regard for the time of day (or night, rather), and is not willing to stop despite insane efforts which would put rescue from Dunkirk to shame. Most parents manage to hold on to the remnants of sanity, which makes them protect the little ugly demon from themselves. In some cases though, the hair thick protective layer of remaining sanity just evaporates.

The parent who commits such an atrocity is weak and does not deserve to be called a parent. They just removed their own genes from the pool, so hey, not the sharpest tool in the box either. The society takes a few hits, sadly. First of all the parent goes to jail and everyone has to pay for their accommodation, subsistence and service. Secondly all the money that would have been otherwise spent on the diapers, toys, little cute whatever that is that people put on their babies and god knows what else, won't be spent, so economy suffers. And thirdly, the citizen who would have hatched in about 18 years, will not exists and will not pay any taxes nor add value. In other words the opportunity cost is pretty high.

Time's up.

*Lou*
