# About Brexit

What a folly. A few years ago David Cameron made a massive political gamble, promising people Brexit referendum to win some votes. Win he did, but the gamble did not actually pay off. David himself was against the UK leaving the EU, however very skilled populist operators (e.g. Nigel F.) allegedly using shady funds and  help of Russian Facebook experts, managed to sway public opinion and convince the voters that heading towards the edge of the cliff is actually quite a good idea. David did the honourable thing.

The main argument for Brexit was that we would get more money for NHS if the UK did not have to pay tons of dough to the EU. That, of course, was bollocks. [Nigel himself admitted later on](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-result-nigel-farage-nhs-pledge-disowns-350-million-pounds-a7099906.html) that £350 million on NHS campaign was a mistake. The damage has already been done, however. Ironically, none of the so called Brexiteers really seemed to know what leaving the EU would entail, which became apparent when they couldn't get their act together and deliver on the negotiations with the EU for quite some time. They were in for a few surprises (e.g. the Irish border), which could have been foreseen if they did think things though beforehand.

It is almost as if, similarly to David's gamble, some people wanted to gain political capital, but did not really believe that the referendum would yield the result it did. Well, tough. Two and a half years of embarrassment passed and the politicians still cannot agree on what the Brexit actually means. May's deal got rejected but the vote of no confidence was lost as well, keeping May in number 10. Political leaders started saying that no deal Brexit should be off the table now, that all the other options should be considered. Someone cynical could say that MPs got scared of the whole Brexit idea (and rightly so) but got equally scared of another general election.

Democracy seen up close makes a pretty disgusting picture.

Time's up.

*Lou*
